Harman, Mark, et al. "Dynamic adaptive search based software engineering." Proceedings of the 2012 ACM-IEEE International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement. IEEE, 2012.

### ii. Keywords
ii1: Search-Based Software Engineering (SBSE) - The application of computational search and optimization to software engineering (SE), particularly when using automation.  Many references are given which give an overview of how SBSE applies to various SE tasks and academic/industrial fields.

ii2: Hyper Heuristic SBSE - Applying SBSE to the selection of heuristics (cf. models) in order to automate previously manual SE operations.  The overall goal is to create general programs which can automatically complete a variety of tasks.  Some loss of performance will be required for this increase in generalization.

ii3: Dynamic Adaptive SBSE - Software which can rebalance, reconfigure, or even redevelop itself while deployed and even while online.  Discussion of recent progress in genetic programming and optimization is used to suggest that this is possible.

ii4: Synthetic Data - Data which is generated rather than collected (e.g. artificial data).  The paper offers guidelines on the extent and roles in which such data can be used effectively, while warning that careless use of such data can undermine a project.

### iii. A Few Notes
iii1: Motivation - This is an agenda paper, attempting to establish avenues of future work for automated software engineering.

iii2: Tutorial Materials - Extensive background is made available in this paper.  The introduction and SBSE portions provide over 35 references for the application of SBSE to SE fields, AI, and various governmental/industrial applications.   

iii3: Patterns - Sections 5 and 6 are devoted to discussing circumstances under which the use of synthetic data is most appropriate and beneficial.  In addition to a general overview, specific examples of appropriate cases and the type of questions that should be asked are provided.

iii4: Future Work - The paper is attempting to set an agenda for future work, so the majority of the paper described potential future work.  The largest categories discussed are keywords (2)-(4).


### iv. Weaknesses
iv1: Diction/grammar - On the whole the paper had good grammar and used words appropriately, but some portions had grammar/spelling errors which distracted from the text - particularly in section 5.  A proofreader could have prevented this.

iv2: Sets a very broad agenda in multiple areas - The purpose of the paper is to set an agenda for future work, so to some extent broad strokes are expected.  However, the paper loses a bit of focus as it addresses philosophy of science (empiricism vice experimentalism), and describes multiple distinct potential research areas without any discussion of how (or whether) research in each could interact.

iv3: Even an agenda paper needs to suggest a future direction - On the whole, the paper offers very little in the way of concrete suggestions, preferring to simply point out the problems.  The exception to this critique is the section on synthetic data.
